I do meet you where you been? I could show you incredible things magic, Madness, Heaven, sins are you there? And I thought, oh, my God, look at that face you look like my next mistake love the Game wanna play a new money student tie? I can read you like a magazine and it's funny rumors lie and I know you heard about me so, hey, let's be friends I'm dying to see how this one ends. Grab your passport and my end I can make the bad guys good for a weekend so it's going to be forever or it's going to go down in pain you can tell me when it's over it's the highest worth of pain got a long list of explorers they'll tell you I'm insane if you know I love the players and you love the game we young and we're at last we'll take this way too far it'll leave you breathless or with a nasty star got a long list of lovers they'll tell you army mistake but I've got a blank face, baby and I'll write your name cherry lips, crystal skies I could show you incredible things rolling kisses, pretty lies you're the king, baby I'm your queen find out what you want be that girl for a month with the worst is yet to come oh, no. Screaming, crying, perfect storms I can make all the table turn rose garden filled with thorns keep your second guessing like oh, my God, who is she? I get drunk on jealousy. But you'll come back each time you leave because, darling, I'm a Nightmare. Dressed like a daydream forever goes down and saying you can tell me when it's over if the high was worth the pain got along with our Clovers they'll tell you I'm insane if you know I love the players and you love it way too far it'll leave you breathless or with the nasty star got only stars they'll tell you I'm in. Say I've got a blank face baby and I'll write your name boys only one love if it's torture don't say I didn't say I didn't want you forever go down and say what's worth the pain got along with lovers they'll tell you I mistake and you love the jacket way too far it'll leave you red let's love you I'm saying that I've got a blank space, baby and I'll write your name.