I do meet you where you been? I could show you incredible things magic, madness, heaven, sin saw you there and I thought, oh, my God, look at that face you look like my next mistake loves the game wanna play a new money student tie? I can read you like a magazine in it funny rumors lie and I know you heard about me so, hey, let's be friends I'm dying to see how this one ends. Grab your passport and my end I can make the bad guys good for a weekend so it's going to be forever or it's going to go down in pain you can tell me when it's over it's the high one's worth of pain got a lonely Starbucks lovers they'll tell you I'm insane because you know I love the players and you love the game we young and we're at last we'll take this way too far it'll leave you breathless or with a nasty star got a long list of flowers they'll tell you I'm a but I've got a blank face, baby and I'll write your name cherry lips, crystal skies I could show you incredible things rolling kisses, pretty light you're the king, baby I'm your queen find out what you want be that girl for a month with the worst is yet to come oh, no. Screaming, crying, perfect storms I can make all the tables turn rose garden filled with thorns keep your second guessing like oh, my God, who is she? I get drunk on jealousy. But you'll come back each time you leave because, darling, I'm a nightmare dressed like a daydream. So it's gonna be forever. Always gonna go down and say, you can tell me when it's over. If the high was worth the pain got a long list of lovers they'll tell you I'm insane if you know I love the players and you love it we all get way too far it'll leave you breathless or with the nasty star got only stars they'll tell you I'm in say I've got a blank face, baby and I'll write your name Boys only one love if it's torture don't say I didn't say I didn't want you forever go down and say when it's over the high was worth the pain got along with lovers they'll tell you I mistake and you love again we are way too far we'll leave you red let alone this others they'll tell you I'm insane but I've got a blank face, baby and I'll write your name.